Justin Salas is an advocate of personal financial planning. In the
							last 6 years, he has applied its principles to maintain and
							further improve his financial wellness. He believes that only
							through holistic plans can people find purpose to their hard
							earned money.



	Justin Salas is a Mapuan Electrical Engineer. After getting his first paycheck and for the last 6 years, he has studied and applied 
valuable personal finance concepts to maximize the use of his earnings. A curious and eager learner he is, he has explored wide variety of 
fields from engineering, web technologies, and music.

							through holistic plans can people find purpose to their hard
							earned money.

	He graduated Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering at Mapua University. His curiosity and eagerness to explore new fields 
led him to the acquisition of valuable knowledge and skills in finance, computer hardware, networking, and web programming. He likes to read books
and play chess in his free time while enjoying a cup of tea. 



By scheduling a short engagement, either in person or via online meeting, I'll be able to give you an overview of financial planning process and the set of expertise I possess to meet your expectations. How I'm going to get compensated, will also be discussed. After this short session, you'll be able to decide if you're going to proceed with the financial planning process.



Video call:

Client doesn't need to turn on his/her camera to view my slides.



In-person:

Will be scheduled on future correspondence based on agreed upon time and location .

Rich dad poor dad
Investing for dummies
The intelligent Investor
Fundamental Analysis for Dummies 
Security Analysis by Benjamin Graham
Common Stocks & Uncommon Profits
One up on wall street
Foundations and Applications of the Time Value of Money
The little book of valuation
Naked Economics
Technical Analysis for Dummies 
Winning on wall street Martin Zweig
Thy will be done Book I
Thy will be done Book II	
Thy will be done Book III

